capital = 664
primary_culture = romanian
religion = blank
government = hms_government
plurality = 0.08
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.21
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = twelve_hours
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = trinket_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = trinket_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = mandatory_training
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = regionalism
colonial_policy = no_colonies 

ruling_party = FRA_gen_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 25
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 5
	##anarcho_liberal = 5
	socialist = 5
	communist = 0
}

post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1

army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 1

1910.1.1 = {
	literacy = 0.25
	plurality = 0.4
	prestige = 25
	centralization = unitary
	debt_law = debtors_prisons
	oob = "/1910/ROM_oob.txt"
	
	# ARMY 
	strategic_mobility = 1
	point_defense_system = 1
	deep_defense_system = 1
	infiltration = 1
	muzzle_loaded_rifles = 1
	breech_loaded_rifles = 1
	machine_guns = 1
	bolt_action_rifles = 1
	iron_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	iron_breech_loaded_artillery = 1
	steel_breech_loaded_artillery = 1
	military_plans = 1
	military_statistics = 1
	military_logistics = 1
	army_professionalism = 1
	army_decision_making = 1
	army_risk_management = 1
	military_staff_system = 1
	
	# NAVY
	battleship_column_doctrine = 1
	raider_group_doctrine = 1
	clipper_design = 1
	steamers = 1
	iron_steamers = 1
	naval_design_bureaus = 1
	fire_control_systems = 1
	weapon_platforms = 1
	alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
	naval_plans = 1
	naval_statistics = 1
	naval_professionalism = 1
	naval_decision_making = 1
	
	# COMMERCE
	stock_exchange = 1
	business_banks = 1
	investment_banks = 1
	bank_inspection_board = 1
	ad_hoc_money_bill_printing = 1
	private_bank_money_bill_printing = 1
	central_bank_money_bill_printing = 1
	early_classical_theory = 1
	late_classical_theory = 1
	collectivist_theory = 1
	the_historical_theory = 1
	freedom_of_trade = 1
	market_structure = 1
	business_regulations = 1
	market_regulations = 1
	organized_factories = 1
	scientific_management = 1
	time_saving_measures = 1
	
	# CULTURE
	romanticism = 1
	realism = 1
	impressionism = 1
	expressionism = 1
	malthusian_thought = 1
	idealism = 1
	empiricism = 1
	analytic_philosophy = 1
	phenomenology_n_hermeneutic = 1
	positivism = 1
	functionalism = 1
	biologism = 1
	social_science = 1
	ideological_thought = 1
	state_n_government = 1
	nationalism_n_imperialism = 1
	revolution_n_counterrevolution = 1
	introspectionism = 1
	associationism = 1
	phenomenalism = 1
	experimental_psychology = 1
	
	# INDUSTRY
	practical_steam_engine = 1
	high_n_low_pressure_steam_engines = 1
	steam_turbine = 1
	mechanical_production = 1
	interchangeable_parts = 1
	semi_automatization = 1
	assembly_line = 1
	mechanized_mining = 1
	clean_coal = 1
	cheap_iron = 1
	cheap_steel = 1
	experimental_railroad = 1
	early_railroad = 1
	iron_railroad = 1
	steel_railroad = 1
	basic_chemistry = 1
	medicine = 1
	inorganic_chemistry = 1
	organic_chemistry = 1
	electricity = 1
}
