literacy = 0.1
nationalvalue = nv_order
primary_culture = javan
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 5

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

### NEW REFORMS ###
debt_law = debtors_prisons
border_policy = open_borders
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
conscription = ref_disarmed_nation
research_and_development = no_rnd
centralization = confederalism
colonial_migration = ref_no_colonial_policy
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal

ruling_party = party_gen_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 1
	conservative = 90
	reactionary = 1
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}
